Updated Fastly set up instructions for Platform TLS (#7880)
magento/devdocs: src/cloud/cdn/configure-fastly.md

Complete the following steps to enable, configure, and test Fastly early in your site development process to enable secure access to your site.

-  [Get Fastly credentials for Staging and Production environments](#cloud-fastly-creds)

> -  [Enable Fastly CDN caching in your environment](#cloud-fastly-config)
> -  [Upload Fastly VCL snippets](#upload-vcl-snippets)
> -  [Update DNS configuration for development](#update-dns-configuration-for-development)
> -  [Test Fastly caching](#test-fastly-caching)

Author: ```suggestion
-  Enable Fastly CDN caching in your environment
-  Upload Fastly VCL snippets
-  Update DNS configuration for development
- Test Fastly caching
```

1. After the upload completes, refresh the cache according to the notification at the top of the page.

## Provision SSL/TLS certificates

Magento provides a Domain-Validated Let's Encrypt SSL/TLS certificate to serve secure HTTPS traffic from Fastly. Magento provides one certificate for each Pro Production, Staging, and Starter Production environment to secure all domains in that environment.

{:.bs-callout-info}

> You can provide your own TLS/SSL certificate instead of using the Let's Encrypt certificate provided by Magento. However, this process requires additional work to setup and maintain. To choose this option, submit a [Magento Support ticket](https://support.magento.com/hc/en-us/articles/360019088251) or work with your CTA to add custom hosted certificates to your Cloud environments.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can provide your own TLS/SSL certificate instead of using the Let's Encrypt certificate provided by Magento. However, this process requires additional work to set up and maintain. To choose this option, submit a [Magento Support ticket](https://support.magento.com/hc/en-us/articles/360019088251) or work with your CTA to add custom hosted certificates to your Cloud environments.
```

To enable the SSL/TLS certificates for your environments, Magento automation completes the following steps:

-  Validates domain ownership
-  Provisions a Let's Encrypt SSL/TLS certificate that covers specified top-level and subdomains for your Magento stores
-  Uploads the certificate to the Cloud environment when the site is live

This automation requires you to update the DNS configuration for your site to supply domain validation information. Use **one** of the following methods:

-  **DNS validation**–For live sites, update your DNS configuration with CNAME records that point to the Fastly service
-  **ACME challenge CNAME records**–Update your DNS configuration with ACME challenge CNAME records provided by Magento for each domain in your environment

   {:.bs-callout-tip}

>    If you have a Production domain that is not active yet, use the ACME challenge CNAME records for  domain validation. Adding the records to your DNS configuration early allows Magento to provision the SSL/TLS certificate with the correct domains before site launch.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   If you have a Production domain that is not active yet, use the ACME challenge CNAME records for domain validation. Adding the records to your DNS configuration early allows Magento to provision the SSL/TLS certificate with the correct domains before site launch.
```

When domain validation completes, Magento provisions the Let's Encrypt TLS/SSL certificate, and uploads it to live Staging or Production environments. This process can take up to 12 hours. We recommend that you complete the DNS configuration updates several days in advance to prevent delays in site development and site launch.

> ## Update DNS configuration for development

Reviewer: For the record, discussed using `Update DNS for routing` as a possible heading.

During the initial Fastly setup process, you can use the following URLs to configure and test Fastly caching in Staging and Production environments:

-  Pro projects:
   -  `mcprod.<your-domain>.com`
   -  `mcstaging.<your-domain>.com`

-  Starter projects:
   -  `mcprod.<your-domain>.com`

These are the default pre-production URLs available as soon as your project is provisioned. The value for `"your-domain"` is the domain name you specified during the onboarding process.

> You must update your DNS configuration to route traffic from your store URLs to the Fastly service.  When you update the configuration, Magento automatically provisions the required SSL/TLS certificates and uploads them to your Cloud environments. This provisioning can take up to 12 hours.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You must update your DNS configuration to route traffic from your store URLs to the Fastly service. When you update the configuration, Magento automatically provisions the required SSL/TLS certificates and uploads them to your Cloud environments. This provisioning can take up to 12 hours.
```

{:.procedure}
To update your DNS configuration for development:

1. Add CNAME records to point pre-production URLs to the Fastly service: `prod.magentocloud.map.fastly.net`, for example:

   | Domain or Subdomain | CNAME
   |---------------------|------
   | mcprod.your-domain.com | prod.magentocloud.map.fastly.net
   | mcstaging.your-domain.com | prod.magentocloud.map.fastly.net

   When the CNAME records are live, Magento provisions certificates and uploads the SSL/TLS certificates.

1. Add ACME challenge CNAME records for domain validation and pre-provisioning of Production SSL/TLS certificates, for example:

   | Domain or Subdomain  | CNAME
   |----------------------|---------
   | _acme-challenge.your-domain.com<br>| 0123456789abcdef.validation.magento.cloud
   | _acme-challenge.www.your-domain.com<br> | 9573186429stuvwx.validation.magento.com
   | _acme-challenge.mystore.your-domain.com<br> | 1234567898zxywvu.validation.magento.cloud
   | _acme-challenge.subdomain.your-domain.com<br>| 1098765743lmnopq.validation.magento.cloud

>    When the CNAME records are live, validates the domains and provisions the SSL/TLS certificates. These certificates will be applied to your environment when you update the DNS configuration to point your production domains to Fastly.

Reviewer: This paragraph has a few problems. Something seems missing before the word "validates", and there is a "will be" phrase that could be improved. Maybe it's something "Magento" does like in the previous step? Magento validates ... and applies ...?

```suggestion
   After adding the CNAME records, Magento validates the domains and provisions the SSL/TLS certificates.= and applies these certificates to your environment when you update the DNS configuration to point your production domains to Fastly.
```

1. Update the Magento Base URL.

   -  Use SSH to log in to the Production environment.

      ```bash
      magento-cloud ssh
      ```

>    -  Use the Magento CLI to change the base url for your store

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   -  Use the Magento CLI to change the base URL for your store.
```

      ```
      php bin/magento setup:store-config:set --base-url="https://mcstaging.your-domain.com/"
      ```

   {:.bs-callout-info}

>    You can also update the Base URL from the [Magento Admin](https://docs.magento.com/user-guide/stores/store-urls.html#configure-the-base-url).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   You can update the Base URL from the [Magento Admin](https://docs.magento.com/user-guide/stores/store-urls.html#configure-the-base-url).
```
